The Husky Navigation web application beta was released at at 12-13-20 at around 01:20 AM PST in an effort to gain more feedback from users. The overall results of this beta feedback round are collected with-in this file and include a short summary of the results our team received.

# Summary
The feedback overall from users was positive with many highlighting the user intefrace (UI) of the platform as being "visually appealing." Some users also pointed out minor bugs  or enhancments that would create a better user experience such as creating a bouncing site logo to show how the horizontal feature bar can be collapsed.

# Feedback
One user said that "That is cool. It can be easily scalable for different areas and campuses" which is a main point of how we see our platform. Another user commented that "why not create an API that takes the feedback from the user and sends the email server side?" in the context of fixing a security SMTP API related bug. This was adressed by our team through the Smtp.JS API which allowed us to encrypt our credentials securely and circumvent sending emails server-side. The reasoning behind what allowed us to solve this issue was changing our SMTP server from a GMail SMTP server, which had restrictions that were previously unknown, to another SMTP server. Another user said that the website was "pretty awesome" especially given the level of experience of our team. Finally, a user said "Your navigation thing is cool. I'll finally answer my question about the best way to get to get to PACCR and Kane from the RC." This concludes the main feedback that our team received and the v1.0-beta phase.
